next hackathon & training <3 (#1425)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/events/2023/hackathon-march-2023.md

---
title: Hackathon - March 2023 (Online)

> subtitle:  A virtual online hackathon to develop nf-core together

Author: ```suggestion
subtitle:  A virtual hackathon with local gatherings to develop nf-core together
```

type: hackathon
start_date: '2023-03-27'

> start_time: '10:00 CET'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
start_time: '10:00 CEST'
```

Reviewer: A classic 😆

Author: 🙈 it is already starting

end_date: '2023-03-29'

> end_time: '18:00 CET'

Author: ```suggestion
end_time: '18:00 CEST'
```

location_name: Gather town and Slack.
import_typeform: true
---

# Welcome

Save the date and join us for the March 2023 nf-core hackathon!

> This event is entirely virtual (we will be back in [gather.town](https://gather.town/)!) and we are attempting to support people in all timezones :earth_americas: :earth_asia: :earth_africa:

Author: ```suggestion
This event is virtual (we will be back in [gather.town](https://gather.town/)!) and as the last times we are attempting to support people in all timezones :earth_americas: :earth_asia: :earth_africa:. For this hackathon, we will try something new: hacking in-person is a lot of fun, so to get the best of both worlds, we are encouraging everyone to create small local groups, be it in your group, institute, or geographical region.
```

---
title: Hackathon - March 2023 (Online)

> subtitle: A virtual online hackathon to develop nf-core together

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
subtitle: A virtual hackathon with local gatherings to develop nf-core together
```
